docs(nebula-build): add docs for nebula build (#660)
qlik-oss/nebula.js: commands/build/README.md

  --mode           Explicitly set mode
                                 [string] [choices: "production", "development"]
```

## Example

### Configuration file

Build the bundle with a nebula configuration json file in a new path

```sh

> nebula build --config ../../nebula.config.js

Reviewer: the '.../.../' makes no sense in this example.
Also, nebula.config.js is the default value of this, so change the example to 'my-nebula-config.js' to differentiate.

Author: good point. Thanks. fixed.

```

> In nebula.config.js, there are five available options that can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the config file there are five available options that can be configured.
```
Don't mention the file name as this can be changed.
